normal again this was in situation
comedy zooming up you would wait until
you were months into a relationship to
introduce a boyfriend or girlfriend to
your to your kids and maybe not even
then
right I mean cuz it's hard it's hard on
everyone it's hard on middle-aged adults
and these are not middle-aged adults
with the sole exception of Greg and it's
hard like I I said this I don't think I
don't think you know polyamory should be
illegal I don't think I'm I'm I'm 40 my
girlfriend is 26
I don't think age gap relationships
should be illegal and we made videos
Tyga but is not easy you know we didn't
grow up you never watch Seinfeld we
didn't grow up watching the same TV
shows I can tour it what if when I was
21 I met like a really good-looking
woman in her 30s or 40s who has a kid
but then there I am on the couch playing
video it's you for me as a dude you know
that the pressure you're putting on this
person it's unfair in a lot of ways and
the hardest thing to express the people
if you don't know but this you don't
have kids yourself I do have kids I have
kids singular you know is that in a
sense the best-case scenario is the
worst-case scenario because the hardest
thing for people to deal with is when
they form really tight
emotional relationships I one day I want
to find someone who loves me as much as
you love Lainie and love that person as
much as Lainie loves you what you have
together is magical and almost fairytale
like can someone shoot me I wasn't a
teenager I was young I was freshly 21
when all that was happening but Billy
was 18 Maya I think was 19 I all is a
year younger than Billy so she was 18
[Music]
I do not think of what I do as a gossip
channel and in a very real sense I'm not
here to gossip but I am here to try to
draw some useful conclusions draw some
useful lessons from the oh so public
sexual experience of anisia aka Greg and
his bizarre three-way by sexual gender
ambivalence open marriage
now you may you may think Greg's
experience as a d-list celebrity in such
a peculiar polyamorous gender flexible
relationship it's so exotic it's so far
removed from the daily lives of the
average American maybe not that far
removed from the average Australian
okayed but the average person who
watches this channel I do have big do
have a big viewing audience in Australia
Australia Sweden and Germany
this may seem so far removed from your
daily life whoever you are watching this
view this video dear viewer they said
how could I be drawing lessons here that
that that that really matter you and I
okay just today I was talking to someone
who's a divorced single mom and you know
the hardest thing is dating when you've
got kids now the opposite we grew up to
some extent the situation comedies you
happen to watch the movies you happen to
watch it's a bit random but it seemed to
me this was always a major theme on
mainstream television when I was growing
up it seemed to me that the message was
out there and I heard it loud and clear
I I was like the AIDS crisis generation
there was a lot of sex ed there were a
lot of warnings about accidental
pregnancy use a condom or die was like
my grade six textbook you don't mean
that was really the the peak of the AIDS
crisis and some of the hysteria was
well-founded and some of it at that time
was a little bit over the top
but definitely always seem to me a
mainstream element of pop culture that
was discussed look if you have kids and
then you split up with the other parent
of your kids you are gonna be in a very
very very tough situation and the
toughest part to handle of all is the
interaction between the new boyfriend or
the new girlfriend
and your kids right so to me that's
that's always been obvious already three
years ago it really bothered me that
nobody was starting with this I
understand people want to focus on only
the most salacious elements of the story
or they want to focus on the legalities
of the story but the legality is not
what really matters here and this isn't
even a simple moral question of a right
or wrong we need some other categories
to consider okay
first date first date you've literally
never met someone before and you sit on
their couch and play video games with
their with their child that's the first
date okay at any age if both people are
30 years old it's bad and it's wrong
any gender combination it's a man dating
a woman and that's the first date you
know he comes and he meets her kids and
plays video games the kids sitting on
the couch together okay
it's a woman meeting a man for the first
time okay and to me this was the most
outstandingly obvious problem with an
ins whole story in situation and he
wasn't just doing it once as you guys
know he's a serial I don't have before
he he attempts to seduce women again and
again and again to come into his
relationship to play this third party
role they like to use the word triad
where I come from the word triad has
other meanings that's why I say 3 Way of
relationship I actually had people
writing in to complain about that guess
what the word triad is prejudicial as
well put
Google you'll see what I mean wait so uh
it's come in and play this role in the
through relationship okay so I'll give a
link below this video to two primary
source video that's just screenshots it
doesn't really matter who I'm you can
find out you know all this stuff is all
over the Internet
um this is a description of one of the
young women and say it's still a problem
she wasn't young it's still a problem
sure but so it was 21 years old it's
still apart and one of the women was 21
but yeah in some cases these women were
like around 17 18 19 you know there have
been people so young that a lot of the
gawking public wants to focus on the
legality of it okay yeah of course it's
more of a problem if it's an 18 year old
who can't possibly be emotionally
equipped to handle these circumstances I
don't know a lot of 21 year olds who are
well-equipped look I can relate I mean I
think at my gym I think probably the
most attractive women are like about 40
we really don't have good thing people
are gym that's that where we go but
really it is but like I can't or what if
when I was 21 I met like a really
good-looking woman in her 30s or 40s who
has a kid but then there I am on the
couch playing video it's for me as a
dude you know that the pressure you're
putting on this person it's unfair in a
lot of ways and the hardest thing to
express to people if you don't know but
this you don't have kids yourself I do
have kids I have kids singular you know
is that in a sense the best-case
scenario is the worst-case scenario
because the hardest thing for people to
deal with is when they form really tight
emotional relationships with the kids
which happens fast when the kids
suddenly love and respect the adult you
know as some kind of parent or even as
an aunt or an uncle or whatever they
form some bad relationship and then the
adult forms your issue with them and
then what that's your first date you
know honey nobody knows what's gonna
happen what was gonna work out on that
second day or third
normal again this was in situation
comedy zooming up you would wait until
you were months into a relationship to
introduce a boyfriend or girlfriend to
your tier kids and maybe not even then
right I mean cuz it's hard it's hard on
everyone it's hard on middle-aged adults
and these are not middle-aged adults
with the sole exception of Greg the one
guy who does catch most of the blame for
this
so I quote this person this young woman
got to his house got to be ourselves and
Lainey was sleepy so they told Greg
they'll say hi to me tomorrow as is a
pattern here this young young woman
shows up on the pretense of dating
Lainey but in reality you're auditioning
for this three-way relationship so
you're auditioning to be the girlfriend
to both Lainey and Greg they is being
used as a gender-neutral pronoun here so
you show up for your date he says she's
too tired go too slowly right so your
airplane tickets been paid I mean there
are also these elements of you know Fame
and money I dress this in my earlier
show like you know when you're paying
someone ten thousand dollars for their
time when you're paying someone's
airfare there are other forms of
financial inequality that creep in but
my point in this video is even without
them even without the age gap even with
the genders being reversed it's still a
problem it's not illegal it's a problem
shows up flight paid for Lainey was
sleepy Laney goes upstairs you go so she
goes to sleep
so Greg took me upstairs to a spare
bedroom and showed me around the house
where he films and stuff and then let me
take a shower and stuff and go to bed
you can imagine the quality of poorly
written stay there guy
that's sorry the poorly constructed
narrative here we go the next morning I
got up got dressed and went downstairs
greg was on the couch with his son and
daughter and Lainey was near the
countertop in the kitchen I just kind of
stood there and was like um good morning
look you know
you're not under a moral obligation to
seduce somebody no what what does it
take to make someone feel special and
it's hard like I I said this I don't
think I don't think you know polyamory
should be illegal I don't think I'm I'm
I'm 40 my girlfriend is 26
I don't think age gap relationships
should be illegal and we may be just
idea but it is not easy you know we
didn't grow up you never watched
Seinfeld we didn't grow up watching the
same TV shows you know sure there are
things to negotiate there are barriers
to overcome but you know well that used
to do someone making somebody feel
special I'm here for you in some ways
that's just built into the old-fashioned
fifteen dollar date if you meet someone
at the bus station and then you walk to
the movie theater and you give them
their your undivided attention while
taking them out for coffee and going to
a movie on some very basic level that
makes them feel special as opposed to
hooking up via Twitter most these cases
Twitterverse of them oh yeah
I'll buy you some airplane tickets oh
yeah okay yeah huh just wander around
while we eat breakfast oh yeah they'll
be a babysitter now take care of our
kids there's something wrong here
there's something wrong you're in a
really profound way and it's not a legal
problem and in a simple sense it's not a
moral problem I do think this is immoral
I do but I'm just pointed you that's not
real easy to judge what's what's wrong
so she's saying she's just kind of
standing there nobody's paying attention
here she says um good morning quote I
was kind of having a bit of anxiety
though so I just should stood there
shaking understandable Lainey was just
standing there too so I didn't know what
to do their living room is enormous by
the way so it really wasn't sure which
way to go towards Gregor Laney and so
Greg saw it was shaking so he picked me
up and pushed Lanie and me into each
other or to hug
and so we hugged and said hi and then
Lainie went to the couch
and I wasn't sure what to do again so I
followed so okay this is seduction
innocence though right if you want to
read the whole story you can there's a
link in the description this is just
another snippet I'm not going to go
through the through every detail
laney want to change clothes Greg and I
played Mario 3d World with his son which
kind of bothered me a bit because
whenever we would lose Greg would blame
it on his son because his son would be
sad and he would say well maybe if you
didn't do this we wouldn't have all died
kid which I thought was kind of harsh to
be telling a four-year-old but whatever
okay my girlfriend has taken care of my
daughter who's now five wish he for when
he first met her okay
my daughter was very sweet and very
loving and very accepting toward Melissa
my girlfriend from the first time they
met but in a sense that makes it even
worse that makes it harder that raises
the stakes raises the expectations
raises the pressure right this is a
first date this is the first date and
it's a first date in an emotionally
confusing polyamorous gender-fluid
through early there there is a lot here
and this is a first date with a much
younger woman to my knowledge all these
people are of legal age of consent as
you can see that's not when I'm framing
this video in terms of how many let's
just say the age is 18 whether it's 17
18 19 20 21
how many 18 year olds do you know who
are really able to deal with this kind
of situation and like in a sense again
the best-case scenario is the worst-case
scenario if this teenager comes in your
house and just remains aloof and
standoffish and doesn't get along with
the kids that's easy right but what if
they do get along I mean obviously the
unspoken element of this here is that
all these people
are being interviewed for the position
of babysitter as well as being a sexual
pawn in this love triangle so look us
you tell me in the comment section I
genuinely lack the vocabulary I can't
tell you what exactly is wrong here but
I mean I made this video to raise that
question and just say yeah something is
really wrong
[Music]